And the next section that we want to build is over here are going to be in these icons.
But mostly we're going to be actually concentrating more here on this effect on the slanted effect.
So we're going to go back over here and not over here we're actually going to go back to our next issue
here now see or hear or comment and of Hetter I'll get a place on here.
This is going to be icon section here to select the whole line I'm going to copy this line here and
then you will have a section and this is going to be icon section and we're using Section elements to
actually group our code.
So I'm going to say section on here.
Don't have hash tag an idea or here right.
So this is going to be icon section on this time.
And now within the section we're actually going to have links that are going to be a font of my comments.
So here I'm going to say this and I'm going to say this is going to be and I know we're here we're going
to said that the guy is going to have a fire or here for like this.
Right.
And then what he would want to do is actually enclose this again in parentheses like this.
Multiply by four press tab.
Now you can see what we have.
All right so we have for fun task my God you're going to say this is going to be home.
Then the next one is going to be broke.
Then after that we're going to have a coffee here and just in case you're wondering they're appearing
over here.
Right.
And then over here we do want a fantastic anchor anchor over here.
Now we can say this and we can actually go to Maine she says and stop this section and we're going to
start first thing that we're going to have it is actually a comment.
So this is going to be our new section.
So we're going to have a comment I'm going to write a hashtags.
Much of hashtags.
I'm going to say I can.
S. writes This is going to be another hashtag.
Then after that we will do what we want is we would want a hash tag icon section icon section here.
And then first of all going to say what would be the heart.
Right.
And I'm going to say the height is going to be 70 pixels on KNOW this and we cannot see anything for
now.
Right.
Because it's all white background.
So here we're going to say it's going to be background.
Hash tag to be like this and then you have to and that it will have eight to a.
All right.
So this is going to be our black background color then we're going to say we're here.
Very simple text align center to place them in the center.
Then after that we would want a clip path polygon.
And what is clip.
So with Clearpath basically this is what we can do.
We can create these shapes here.
Right.
And we're going to get quite a few training right so going to start with this section then you can see
with each one of them right.
We're also going to practice of how we can actually do this.
All right well here we're going to have a clip.
So we're going to clip and we're going to right path.
And I'm just letting you know that in general we're going to have to use vendor prefixes.
I just don't want to confuse the viewers right now.
All right.
I don't want him to have too much or hear of the cold.
Right.
So therefore we're not going to be using them in general.
We'll have to use them or use.
In the last one we're going to be creating the Starro here right.
Then I'm going to show you what the vendor prefixes are.
So here we're going to have a clip path and then here we're going to write polygon here on this.
And then with the polygon we can create whatever shape we want.
And the basic idea is that we are dealing with a four or here point.
Right now we knew we couldn't have as many points as we want but let's start with four because that's
going to make more sense.
So here you can see that this starts with x 0 0 0 here at this point is going to be X hundred y is still
going to be zero.
Right.
Then once we go down here this is going to be X still hundred and y is going to be 100.
However here you can see it x is back to zero.
Now here this is going to be 50 or 60.
All right so let me show you how this works and again we're going to get a lot of practice so don't
worry if you don't get it right away.
So here first I'm going to start 00 this is going to be my point then or here I'm going to place a.
And what I'm going to say we're here.
This is going to be a next one.
Next point is going to be 100 like this.
Then again you are going to place a zero.
So why all here in this case is still zero.
Then we're going to start moving down.
So this is going to be hundred percent.
Hundred percent.
Right.
And you can see already how we created 3.
So we created three points.
The first point.
Second point.
And the third point right.
And everything that's not included in these points is basically cut out.
And now it's at the fourth point.
So I'm going to say zero and this is going to be why 40 percent.
That's right.
So obviously we're here you can see from start changing why 50 60.
Right it keeps going down 9 because hundred is all the way down here.
Right.
This would be hundred.
What's going to leave it at 40.
Now let's add a padding.
So we're going to say we're here hunting and we're going to say 20 pixels.
So this is going to be a top hand and then we'll have zero to the side 40 pixels in the bottom.
And here again we're going to have zero.
And now would you would want to do is first of all let's create more space and let's actually style
these links.
So here let's make it a lot of space and we're going to say we're here hash tag icon section we're going
to say right.
And what you would want.
First of all we're going to say for these guys we're going to say this play in again we're going to
say this plane line block.
Right.
Because that allows us to actually style them really nice and we're going to say panning five pixels
10 pixels over here left and right right so top bottom five left and right.
And then after that we're going to have margin top bottom zero left right 5 pixels just so they have
a little bit of space so they push away from the edge.
Then the next one is going to be font size 30 pixels.
It's all going to make them bigger color and the car is going to be hashtag FFC.
Radio color 9 1 4 9 1 for this.
And then we'll have a border radio.
So we're going to make them around more radios.
This is going to be five pixels like this.
Right.
Not much but once we had the background going to see it actually right now we don't see it because the
background transparent and here the background again we're going to use our GPA values to be 0 0 0.
So this is going to be a black color.
However we're all going out of here like this are going to say zero point eight.
Know this.
Right now I can see a darker black color.
And then we're going to another transition right to organise a transition.
And again we're going to first transform right now what we're saying is transition is going to be using
a transformed property instead.
Not a color or background Bugan to say we're here transform it with seconds ease or this.
And also color.
Two seconds is easier here.
And then you're going to do a hovering role.
Right.
So I'm going to say I can section here and I'm going to say link however and what you will be hovering
right.
We're going to say transform and we're going to say translate.
Why.
So we're going to say translate more here and we're going to say why.
So basically what I want to do is I'm hovering right.
I want them to push up all up and I'm going to say negative 10 pixels right and then I'm also going
to change the color I'm going to take color and is going to be hash tag D 9.
Then we're going to have e 5 and then we'll have D6 on this.
Right so the code is also going to change.
So we can say this and we can might as well go have a look at the bigger screen.
We're going to go back over here to refresh.
Right so this is going to be the original one.
Let's do the recording.
It's refreshing to hear and see this is what we read as I'm hovering actually lifting up or here.
And the caller is also changing right from the elbow to kind of cream ish color and we're here this
is where we used a clear path.
Right.
And again we're going to have a more practice with that so don't worry about right.
But basically we're using the points in order to actually cut out some section or here from this element.